# 18 January 2023

**Host:** Amber Graner

**Meeting** [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qJIzxODztiQMzc6g5ZuJEJ2tZ7tuY7Ub/view)

**Attendees:** 

  * Amber Graner
  * Alex Perlman
  * Omar Sumadi
  * David Hoover
  * Julius von Kohout
  * Andreea Munteanu
  * Josh Bottum
  * Ilias Tsitsimpis
  * Tara Tufano
  * Jaison Paul
  * Prasad Paravatha
  * Narayanmurthi Mari
  * Dominik Fleischmann
  * Alex Burrage

## Notes

Today’s meeting is the very first Kubeflow security team meeting. We’ll be looking into all the “next steps” for the team and how to communicate those to the community, working groups and distributions. 

  **What do participants want to see out of this group?**

   - Current issues and where we can improve currently
   - Adding Security as a key item for Kubeflow: [https://github.com/kubeflow/kubeflow/issues/6662] 
   - Third Party components become another security concern, e.g. Minio hasn’t been updated for a long time due to License issues.
   - Arrikto plans to put a list together of CVEs that they have fixed and what also needs to be fixed.
   - This WG should get to a point where it is the first point of contact for security concerns.

  **Where will we store information for this Working Group**. 
  
   - This Agenda will be moved to the Kubeflow google drive
   - Do we want a repository?
   - Do we want a kubeflow-security mailing list?

  **How would we release security fixes?**
  
   - For critical issues a point release might be justified, but we will need clear policies and procedures.


  **Initial leadership**
  
   - _Amber_ willing to drive the organizational part
   - _Julius von Kohout_ and _Alex Perlman_ willing to lead on the technical side.
   - _Alex Burrage_ willing to provide point of view of an OS base for images.

  **Security Policies:**
  
   - [Kubernetes Security](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/issues-security/security/)
   - [KNative Security](https://knative.dev/docs/reference/security/)
   - [OpenStack Security](https://security.openstack.org/vmt-process.html)

## Agenda Items: 
  
* **(_In-Progress_) - Policies and Procedures: What do those need to be?**
    * Group agreed to start with adopting the Kubernetes Security Policies. Amber to take the Kubernetes Policy and update with attribution to the Kubeflow Project 
    * [Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BOA-XiQ8_fOPNR9B_1UnNZnfeRGCc8Yk?usp=sharing)

* **(_Done_)Will we need Google to add a repo?** 

    * Amber to raise an issue and ask that Google create a Kubeflow/security repo with Julis, Amber and Alex as owners and we will add others as we go forward with this team - Need to raise an issue within kubeflow/kubeflow or kubeflow/transition to get this repo added.  Will email James, Thea and Josh to see where to raise the issue. **UPDATE:** We now have a security directory under kubeflow/kubeflow
    
* **(_Done_)Who wants to help lead this team?** 

    * See Initial Leadership as listed above
    
* **(_Done_) How often should we meet?** 

    * Bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 8am Pacific/10am Central  
    * Calendar invite has been updated.  
    * Need to do the PR to have this added to the Kubeflow Community Calendar.
      
* **(In-Progress) [Roadmap](https://github.com/kubeflow/kubeflow/issues/6662 ) for 1.7 for security** 
