# 15 March 2023

**Host:** Amber Graner

**Recording** [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/137WJxYQIvPac0pYz_zS3iLmphYj7mZSi/view)

**Attendees**: 
* Amber Graner
* Josh Bottom
* Anna Jung
* Diana Atanasova
* Jon Tourville
* Michal Hucko
* Mark Esler
* Manolis Androulidakis
  
## Agenda
* Security Directory 
  * Set-up in github/kubeflow/kubeflow _[PR has been sent]_(https://github.com/kubeflow/kubeflow/pull/7043)
* Recap of activities
  * Identified Security Team
  * List of images, List of CVEs
* To do
  * Security Policy for CNCF checklist
    * Current draft based on K8s Community
    * KF will need to modify
    * **Draft Security Release Policy** [doc:](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vw_efQyYG_zWEoL-vk9mZQX5p7fOcl3RTG6pcxMhYKI/edit#heading=h.uhbrpt4u5e69)
    * Action item: Review the doc by **March 27th**
* Tooling to help with scanning
  * Proposal - Need to generate SBOM
  * License check
  * Common Vulnerability and Error (CVE check)



